{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \'97 Log of DSX BoneZone Project \'97\

\f1\b0 \
							   \

\f0\b next
\f1\b0 	
\f2\i Make new viewport for correlation images dx and dy, bone in red,\
	with readout of metric, controlled by inline or offset trackball.
\f1\i0 \
	
\f2\i Precompute 2D dsx images in dsxXrayImage
\f1\i0 \
	
\f2\i Use slider to select frame.\
	Figure out the cube parameter difference math.\
	New object for both inline and offset cubes
\f0\i0\b \
\
32 - 
\f2\i\b0 New function project->RunMultiWindowSystem with Linghai\'92s system. \

\f0\i0\b 	
\f2\i\b0 Flip dsx images right-side-up.
\f0\i0\b \
31 - 
\f2\i\b0 Make dsx image available as standalone 2D image.\
	Add dsxXrayImage::GetVtkImageData2D, dsxXrayImage::GetNumberOfFrames.
\f0\i0\b \
30 
\f1\b0 - Now render dsx images in background using layers with a separate \
	renderer from bone. Renderer takes imageActor takes imageData.
\f0\b \
29 
\f1\b0 - Switched GUI rendering from vtkInteractorStyleTrackballCamera to 	vtkInteractorStyleTrackballActor.  Bone and slice now rotate\
	independently, and bone rotates in both viewports!\
	Added offset dsx image as well.\

\f0\b 28 
\f1\b0 - Added dsxXrayImage::GetVtkImageDataFrame (NOT USED)\
	Overlay inline DSX image using vtkImageSlice, problems because it \
	rotates bone and slices.
\f2\i \

\f0\i0\b 27 
\f1\b0 - Created new window with two viewports with trackballed femur
\f2\i \

\f0\i0\b 26 
\f1\b0 - Added dsxXrayImage::GetCubeParameterS2d etc.
\f0\b \
25 
\f1\b0 - put m_ in front of member variables for dsx_GrabBufferActor
\f0\b \
24
\f1\b0  - Renamed variables and cleaned up.
\f0\b \
23
\f1\b0  - Add dsxGUI->CreateXrayImageViewerInline\
	dsxGUI->CreateXrayImageViewerOffset\
	dsxGUI->CreateXrayImageViewer\
	Not used yet.  First try to create single container \
	for both dsx windows. \

\f0\b 22
\f1\b0  - Add dsxGUI->Initialize()
\f0\b \
21 
\f1\b0 - Moved CT readers into dsxBone
\f0\b \
20 
\f1\b0 - Cleaned up dsxProject.cpp removed unused stuff and reordered\
     switched char * to std::string to take literals. 
\f0\b \
19 
\f1\b0 - Add m_GUI, m_\cf2 \cb3 inlineImage, m_offsetImage
\f0\b \cf0 \cb1 \
18 
\f1\b0 - Made m_imageData a member of dsxXrayImage\

\f0\b 17 
\f1\b0 - new stand-alone main() file \'93bonezone.cpp\'94,  \
	dsxProject is now an object,  \

\f0\b 16 
\f1\b0 - More minor neatening
\f0\b \
15 
\f1\b0 - No longer takes filenames as command line arguments, \
	also neatened more.\

\f0\b 14 
\f1\b0 - Neatened up Linghai\'92s code in DSX_Project.cpp
\f0\b \
13 
\f1\b0 - Working version from Linghai with minor edits
\f0\b \
12
\f1\b0  - Attempt to fix Linghai\'92s non-working version, \
	with edits including to CMake
\f0\b \
11
\f1\b0  - Working version before switching to Linghai\'92s non-working version}